I want to create a programming language called txts. Any folder will be seen as library by txts with the folder name as the library name, all the files in a folder will be seen as functions if they have the txts extension with the fucntion name beeing the file name without the ".txts" extension.

The language has three core keywords/fuunctionalities. IMPORT here_library_name brings a library into that file to be able to be used. You can also import the smae project as you are using and working inright now (the parent folder name) this is also important for accessing and using vairbales trhata re not in othere libraries but in the parent folders files. CALL here_library_name.here_function_name executes a function or rather the file in that folder with a .txts extension as if you again executed the txts command but on that file (with the same ouput of course) from an imported library. VARIABLE here_library_name.here_variable_name and "plain_text_here" or here_library_name.here_variable_name will concatenante thos strings which is basically the only logic of the langauge so you can either concatenate a vairbale with a string and make that its new value or with anoter variable to make that its new value.

Comments can be written anywhere in the file without any special prefix or keyword. They are simply lines that do not begin with a recognized keyword.

A special variable can be imported using: IMPORT txts. The language includes a built-in default variable OUTPUT. OUTPUT is the reserved variable that holds the final result or return value of the program. written out when its importet properly it would be used as txts.OUTPUT This variable will fucntion as the stdout basically although a bit different.

Programs are executed through a command line interface using a command: txts followed by the filename and an output file: example: txts programm.txts output.txt there must be an output file specified or some interface that can be outputted to like stdout or something.

I also plan to include syntax highlighting support later for vscode as developer extension


There should also be a txts command for extensions for txts: txts extension install extension_name_here. The first included extension (that you still have to install) is a minimal package manager that covers the operations init, import, save, delete, list, and search, along with metadata retrieval. this extension should be called txtspm and you install it with txts extension install txtspm. to then use it you say: "txts extension txtspm". It will then start a REPL style thing in whihc you can use commands like this: init will just create an empty README.md, a file called txts-metadata.json and a a folder ".local-txtspm". save will save the whole folder you are executing it from (parent folder with all child folders except for the ".local-txtspm" folder under a folder that is under the users home directly called ".txtspm" that if it doesnt yet exist it will then get created). import here_a_name_of_a_project_that_is_under_.txtspm will import that folder from under .txtspm in the home folder in the .local-txtspm folder. delete here_a_name will delete the project with that name from the .txtspm foldr under the home directory. and list will list all names of the projects under .txtspm under the home folder. and search will fuzzy search here_what_to_search_for through the names under the home folder and also through all the metadata in each project in txts-metadata.json. In this metadate file there should be fields for: Title which should just be the name of the parent folder. a description which will be left empty unless the user changes it. keywords which will also be an empty array of strings unless the user adds some. version which for right now the user also ahs to update manually and it will just be initialized as 0.0.0 if nothing is there yet. variation field which also the user has to add a string there nromally its just empty. function names is an array of strings of all the files directly under it with a .txts extension and eahc fucntion name is the a file name wihtout that extension which shoudl be done automatically and for eahc fucntion anme there is also a fuction description field which the suer has to add if he wants to. alos at the bottom there should be a type field which you should say ina comment behind it ca either be: programm or library or core-library. Also there is a filed called dependencies which is an array of strings whihc is every name of every statement in the file IMPORT where aftre the import whatever is there is the dependency except if its the parent folder. To update this metadata and also to import all the dependencies with mutiple imports automatically and initialize it there is also a command called update whihc will import all dependencies into .local-txts initialize all the meetdata that is autpomatically generated (before importing the dependencies and not after). If there is an import anywhere that imports the parent folder then taht should not be a dependency only if it impots stuff thats not the parent folder name. 



Please now lets think beofre doing anything lets think about the file and folder strcture of th project and also hwo to write the files because i want to have a good format for every file and good in ile strcture also in the code and i want not much nesting (not mroe than 3 nesting in each other) and i dont want => operators in the code and i want constants to be at the top fo the file and i want files to be at absolute max 300 lies long but more like 250 max lines per each file and i want the fucntions to be modular and reused when prossible and logical so no duplication.